Fixed outdated text on Metrics Explorer page (#10671)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/explorer.md

### Snapshot

> Create a snapshot of an individual graph by using the share icon in the upper right. Clicking on the icon brings up a dropdown menu with the **Send snaphot...** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a snapshot of an individual graph by using the share icon in the upper right. Clicking on the icon displays a dropdown menu with the **Send snaphot...** option.
```

Author: Great suggestion, @jtappa!
